hello there YouTube today I just had to
do another Naruto arena commentary well
as you can see I'm testing the new
characters edit since I Ginny and saucer
evil how everything outside of their
guys name anyways I found a pretty
decent team with them and in this video
we'll see how it works I had like one
surrender out of the three battles so
I'm not further ado just pinching to how
i use the team it's a very well-balanced
team at saks damage it keeps you from
using skills you know go in and bone
isn't it's an entire Bowl team it really
is i hate you know Choji as much as the
next person so anyways I'm gonna take
this time to reach out to some of my
subscribers I noticed that I lost two of
them you know granted I only had 15 but
you know it's a major hit compared to
how my channel has been doing so I I
don't know whether it's the fact that
I've stopped posting 1043 videos for the
time being because my ps3 grew up so i
can't post new videos you know the
yellow light of death it's a very very
horrible thing happen to a ps3 so
unfortunately there it'll be a pretty
decent while before I'm able to post
more over there videos
if your model proficient subscriber you
have to be a little patient as i am
being i'm trying to myself get a new one
it's a really arduous process but bear
with me and if I ever go to a friend's
house i will be posting some other than
that note and I know it's been a while
for you people who have subscribed
because of North arena I just couldn't
find the time to do any videos for
martha and i've been mostly focusing on
on some things you know I've never loved
someone like the longest time here
lately because apparently it's it's it's
important to have one and well I think
that I'm to total story there's a funny
story actually I've been hanging out
with my friend Blake Kia we play you
heal a lot together well his girlfriend
has a best friend that hauls her around
you know basically everywhere and she's
17 I know I'm 18 I shouldn't be messing
with them but uh I think it's pretty
interesting that well we started talking
more me and her friend and while we have
a lot in common and I think it's funny
because I i I'm honest I am bluntly
honest i'll admit i am fucking ugly as
hell I am fugly I am Freddy Krueger on
steroids when it comes to other this and
you know I told her I told her you know
know what I look like and then she she
had the balls to ask me why do you say
that about yourself what why else would
not I mean yes I understand that girls
love self-confidence and all that
bullshit because I know my friend he
gets a lot of goals because he would
Excel conference even though he's at all
the Lord no offense lake it's just true
and if it's funny because it's like it's
like they asked all the girls are like
but I all of those that i talked to live
out for a lot of goals because i have to
see more in other opinions you know
they're like you're not ugly and now
argue with me for hours that i'm not i
bet on the ugly and you know i know the
truth I've looked in the mirror I scare
myself sometimes I'll admit it I'll look
in the mirror and I'll be like what the
fuck you know I've got I've got no no
shame and the fact that I am possibly
the ugliest person to ever walk there I
don't understand why people don't get
where I go with things you know and it's
also you know I'm a convenient you know
if you can't make fun of yourself or
else can you do you know I make fun of
myself all time to be an ugly and girls
are seen to be like what the fuck why
and I'll be honest it's not really
he's not really a not really a personal
preference of mine but I like being I
like being honest so I mean I'm not
gonna lie to you and say okay well I'm
not fugly no I will argue with you sorry
for the Paul just kind of reading
something anyways I hope you enjoyed
this video and my little rant and
everything randomness I'll post more
with randomness so anyways like rate
comment subscribe have a nice day